login into the software with your user
credentials point of interest can be
created by selecting the point of
Interest option under the utility menu
search the location to be marked as new
point of Interest click on the add new
point of Interest button enter the title
description and category type of Icon
tolerance and color of the point of
interest and click on the save button
you can also edit and delete the point
of Interest using the edit and delete
button to view the point of interest in
the form of the cluster go on the map
page and select the point of Interest
option from the settings tab and all the
point of interest will be displayed on
the map page to download the list of the
point of Interest click on the download
point of Interest button and list will
be exported in the format of the KML to
upload the list of the point of Interest
click on the bulk import point of
interest and select the KML
file