log into the software with the admin
credentials navigate to The View button
and click on the users click to the add
user button and enter the details to add
the admin account profile name company
name username password mobile number
email address and other address related
details the list of users with their
corresponding details will be
displayed the admin can also control
user's status with a toggle button and
can be activated and
deactivated the admin can also log into
the user's account by the login button
the admin can also modify the password
of the users by the set password button
users details can also be edited with
the edit button users can also be
deleted with the delete button by
clicking on the vehicle button you will
be provided with the information about
the vehicles or assets being tracked
such as their make model IMI number and
validity new vehicles can be added to
the users by clicking on assign new
vehicle button and selecting the
vehicles to be assigned and clicking on
the assign button Vehicles can be
removed from the user account by
clicking the insigned button admin can
also take notes for the users by
entering the text and clicking the add
note button click on the add payment
button and select the vehicle and enter
the payment information amount payment
mode reference and save to record
payment files can be added using the
upload file button on the files menu
feedback can also be managed by using
the feedback section on the feedback
menu