[Music]
to White Label and Link the domain the
following steps need to be followed log
into your plk panel with the username
and password select the domain from the
domain list select the DNS option from
the domain settings click on the add
record option form the DNS settings in
the field of the domain name write the
subdomain or leave it blank to represent
the main domain on the white labeling
enter the IP address to which you want
to link the domain click on the okay
button to confirm confirm the process
with the update button log into the
Super admin panel with the username and
password go to the admin account for
which you want to White Label go to the
basic information option in the settings
tab upload the logo as per the
specifications defined maximum size of
400 kiloby in PNG format enter the other
details such as the company website and
social media account
links next step is to go to the
configuration setup and enter the
software base URL which doesn't include
the HTTP or
https next step is click on the hard
refresh to confirm the
changes this is the complete detail for
the software white labeling on the fleet
stack
software