[Music]
to create a Google Maps API key and
enable reverse geocoding you need to go
through a few steps open cloud. console.
goole.com
log into your gcp account click on the
project drop-down and create a new
project and add the name of the project
in the Google Cloud console navigate to
the apis and services Library section
search for geocoding API and select Ed
click the enabled button in the Google
Cloud console navigate to the apis and
services credential section create an
API key click on the create credentials
button and select API key restrict the
API key for security reasons it's
recommended to restrict your API key to
the specific apis and usage under
application restrictions select HTTP
refers
websites add the websites or IP
addresses from which you intend to make
requests if you plan to use this API key
on a web application add your website
URL next step is to enable the billing
for the API key you can now use this API
key in your application to access the
Google reverse geocoding
API