log into your account with your
credentials navigate to the utility
option and select the option of external
tracking by selecting the external
tracking link you may need to select
various options
including number of vehicles you can
select single vehicle or multiple
Vehicles the duration of the link
validity the level of detail displayed
like the Geo fencing point of interest
and Driver
details by clicking on the create link
button the the output will be created in
the form of the embed code and URL link
the URL link can be copied to the
browser for the live tracking of the
vehicle the person who clicks on the
link will be directed to a live map
showing the current location of the
vehicle as well as other details like
its speed and direction of travel the
embedded code link can also be used to
create HTML page for tracking the edit
function allows you to edit features
like for example you can add multiple
vehicles
the edit feature also allows you to
change the validity of the tracking link
once you've created the link copy it and
share it with anyone who needs to track
the vehicle this could be a customer a
manager or a family
member