[Music]
log into your account with your
credentials from the dashboard click on
the map menu group of vehicles will get
displayed in the form of the cluster
select the vehicle you want to track by
clicking on the vehicle icon on the map
or selecting the vehicle from the list
on the side menu bar you will see the
vehicle's location on the map in real
time you can also view the vehicle's
number IMI number of satellites today's
distance status speed address current
latitude and longitude Direction driver
name and model of the device also you
can navigate to the location of the
vehicle from your current location using
navigation option you can also select
the type of the map from the select map
option real-time tracking of the vehicle
can also be done using the different
types of maps including the satellite
map hybrid maps and others logs today
provides with the logs for the
particular day it also provides all the
attributes shared by the
device