open the software and log in with your
credentials once you're logged in you
would see the tracking
dashboard click on the map page and
access the history through the side menu
bar once you've accessed the history
view you will be asked to select vehicle
and time period in format of days and
hours that you wish to view you have to
also select stoppage time from the
drop-down which is in minutes the
software will display the vehicle
history data on the map and through a
timeline with the start point stoppages
and running details of the vehicle the
start point of the trip is marked with
the black pointer and the end point is
marked with the red pointer by clicking
on the timeline history will be marked
with a blue color line through which you
will be able to access the
details the stoppage points are marked
with the stop symbols by scrolling over
these stoppage points users will be able
to know the in time and out time with
the stay duration and address for the
particular stoppage point you can zoom
in and out of the map to get a better
View and details of the vehicle you can
also see the history of the vehicle on
different types of
maps