[Music]
log into the mobile app with the login
credentials the dashboard will show the
total number of vehicles and their
status running stop idle total number of
kilometers will also get displayed on
the dashboard in the format of the graph
on the map page of the application you
will be able to see total number of
vehicles being tracked by software in
the form of the cluster and by clicking
on the cluster you will be able to track
the exact location of the each vehicles
on the map page option for map selection
is available including a default hybrid
satellite or terrain zoom in and zoom
out features are also available on
clicking on the vehicle icon an info
window will be displayed on the map page
with vehicle number and by clicking on
the vehicle other details will also be
updated including vehicle status
ignition status today's distance speed
and address history by clicking on the
date the vehicle running status is
displayed which includes the start Point
running time and kilometers address and
the stoppages time next on the mobile
app is displayed the list button which
allows the users to view all vehicles in
the form of the listing view the various
status including running stop idle
inactive and no data are available the
listing view displays the vehicle number
today's kilometers last data update time
address status from time users can also
call the immobilize the vehicle view the
replay view call the driver check the
status for the tracking device power and
the other parameter of the vehicle
including the AC vehicle battery
percentage vehicle fuel percentage
clicking on the vehicle number will
navigate to the map page and thus all
information can be accessed from the map
page reports page allows you check the
report of the vehicles and also export
and share with other users others tab on
the mobile application allows you to
perform the following
functions users can select the vehicle
and time period from the menu and click
on the show results button and the
complete details will be displayed total
running time total running
kilometers total stoppage time start
Point running time stoppage
time users can select the vehicle and
time period from the menu and click on
the show results button to view the
replay view of the vehicle play button
needs to be clicked users can also
select the type of the map settings and
the speed of the replay
view the users can create the track link
by selecting the vehicle and validity
after creating the link the link can be
shared with the share button and deleted
by delete button users can select the
language of their choice as per
requirements vehicle details can be
edited by the use of the edit button
notifications can be enabled or disabled
with the help of the toggle button
vehicle can be immobilized with use of
the toggle button parking mode can be
enabled to get notified on the movement
of the vehicle in the form of push
notification users can also navigate to
the vehicle's location from their
location with the help of the navigate
button users can also share their
feedback with the admin privacy policy
details can be accessed via the screen
profile details can be managed by
profile tab various notification sounds
can be selected by the notification
sound tab users can even create goo
fencing using the mobile
application log to the admin
application the dashboard shows the
status for the following total vehicles
running
Vehicles stop
Vehicles idle Vehicles inactive Vehicles
these are the vehicles not sending data
from last 48 8 hours no data Vehicles
these are the vehicles which didn't
connect to the server expired Vehicles
these are the vehicles which have
expired expiring in 30 days there are
Vehicles which are going to expire in
next 30 days total credits available
with the
admin next is the map page which
displays the details of the vehicles in
the form of the cluster users can select
the type of map as per requirements and
zoom in and zoom out of the screen
next is the users tab on the mobile
application which shows the list of the
users with their name and profile name
the login button allows you to log into
the particular user the edit button
allows you to edit the details of the
users also new users can be added to the
software with the add new user button
entering the details and pressing the
submit button vehicle tab provides you
with the details of the vehicles with
their status running stop idle inactive
and no data vehic V's location can be
navigated with the locations tab users
can view the details of the vehicles by
The View
button details can be edited with the
help of the edit button commands can be
sent to the devices with the help of the
command button on clicking of the
command button The Prompt will display
an ask to select operator or the
APN the predefined commands will be
populated on the tab and enable you to
send the commands to the Sim number
defined while adding the vehicle
h