[Music]
the next step is to install the SMTP for
sending the
emails go to myac account. goole.com and
sign in with your Gmail account or login
into your Gmail and click manage your
Gmail account in the Google account
settings click on security in the left
sidebar next step is to enable the
two-step verification you'll need to set
it up
follow the instructions to add a second
layer of security to your Google account
you can use your phone number or another
method to receive Verification codes
scroll down to the signing into Google
section and find app
passwords click on app specific
passwords kindly note if you don't find
the aition under the you will find it in
two-step verification by clicking on it
you may be prompted to sign into your
Google account again to confirm your
identity enter the app name and click on
the create button Google will generate a
unique app password which is a 16
character code you'll need to use this
password to configure your email client
or
application make sure to copy and save
this password in a secure place because
Google won't show it to you again this
app password is used in place of your
regular Google account password when
configuring your email client click on
the check box to enable the email
configuration
encryption typee
SSL SMTP host URL
SMTP
Gmail SMTP Port
587 email your Gmail email address
sender name name by which the email
needs to be sent username your Gmail
email
address password your Gmail account
password or the app specific password
you generated in above steps click on
the update SMTP credentials to save the
details users can test the working of
the SMTP credentials via test SMTP
section by sending an email this process
defines the working of the email in the
fleet stack software and can be used of
the various functions in the
software