log into your GPS tracking software
account with your username and password
click on the admin section click on the
drivers menu that allows you to manage
drivers to add a new driver click on the
add driver button where you will find a
form for driver
information you will need to enter their
name contact number address and any
other relevant details and click on the
add driver to save the
details once you have added a driver
driver you can assign them to a vehicle
this will allow you to track the
driver's location and monitor their
driving behavior while they are
operating the vehicle assigning of the
driver is also possible through the
assign button on the map Page by
clicking on the vehicle's icon edit
driver information can be done using the
edit button delete drivers will be
possible through the delete button
deactivation and activation of the
driver can be managed through the toggle
button
I