to set up a Firebase project visit the
Firebase console click on ADD project
follow the setup wizard to create your
Firebase project provide a project name
and uncheck your Google analytics
account if prompted click on the gear
icon and go to Project settings go to
the Cloud messaging section by opening
it on other tab you will be able to
enable the Cloud messaging API Key by
clicking on the enable button next step
is to generate the key pair go the Cloud
messaging Tab and click on the generate
the key pair copy the value of API key
from the web push certificate section go
to the project in the C drive enter to
program files project aiq Fleet stack
web root
folder open both the configuration and
messaging files in the sublime open the
Firebase configuration file files in the
sublime and paste the API key value in
the Firebase configuration file as
defined in the video screen visit the
Firebase project and click on the web
icon to add a web app you will have to
register the web application by entering
the name on The Next Step and clicking
on register click on the ad Firebase
SDK you will find a code under the
Firebase SDK section for the web app you
registered copy the code and press
continue to Soul copy and paste this
code in the Firebase configuration files
and Firebase messaging files as in the
video screen open the project settings
again on the Firebase project go to the
Cloud messaging section copy and paste
the server key in the configuration
setup on the super admin of the fleet
stack
software this will enable the working of
the Firebase key on the fleet stack
software