[Music]
loging into the fleet stack software
with your user
credentials to create the Geo fencing
following steps need to be followed
click on the add new geofence button
select the area to be Geo fenced using
the search button or navigate the
location on the map users can use a line
polygon Square Circle or a marker to
define the
area enter the title description and
tolerance and select the background
color and click on the save button to
view the Geo fencing in the form of the
cluster go on the map page and select
the Geo fencing option from the settings
tab and all the Geo fences will be
displayed on the map page to download
the list of the Geo fences click on the
download geofence button and list will
be exported in the format of the
KML to upload the list of the Geo fences
click on the bulk import Geo fence and
select the KML file and import the list
using the upload data
button similarly point of interest can
be created using the following steps
search the location to marked as new
point of
Interest click on the add new point of
Interest button enter the title
description and category tolerance and
type of Icon color of the point of
interest and click on the save button to
download the list of the point of
Interest click on the down download
point of Interest button and list will
be exported in the format of the KML to
upload the list of the point of Interest
click on the bulk import point of
interest and select the KML
file to view the point of interest in
the form of the cluster go on the map
page and select the point of Interest
option from the settings tab and all the
point of interest will be displayed on
the map page next step is to navigate to
the notifications tab under the admin
section set up notifications to alert
you when a vehicle or person enters or
exits the Geo fence and stay time inside
the Geo fence you can use notifications
to receive alerts in real time the above
process defines details about the Geo
fencing and point of interest in the
fleet stack
software