log into the software with the admin
credentials navigate to vehicles under
the view menu click on the add new
vehicle button to add the new vehicles
by selecting the user and entering the
various Vehicles details including the
vehicle type model of the hardware
device vehicle number IMI number and the
Sim number and confirming by clicking on
ADD vehicle button for managing of
vehicles accounts and their Associated
data information click the vehicle
number and the software will provide the
option to manage and edit or delete the
vehicles from the admin panel renew
button allows you to renew the validity
of the vehicles the users who are
authorized to access the vehicles are
also
displayed by clicking assign new user
button can enable new users to be
assigned via the admin panel and users
can be removed from the account via the
insigned button map view the admin panel
provides a map view that displays the
location of all vehicles in real time
the map view will also provide the
option to zoom in and zoom out of the
map and they're also the option to
select different types of the maps send
commands the admin panel allows
administrators to send commands to
Vehicles such as turning the engine off
locking or unlocking the doors checking
the current status of the device or any
other function capability of the device
logs the admin panel keeps logs of all
vehicle activity including location
speed fuel consumption and other data
all