[Music]
on entering the URL for the particular
software the login page will be
displayed details that are displayed on
the login page are Dynamic and can be
configured through the super admin panel
which includes the logo application name
social media icons Google Play Store
link and the Apple Store link to log
into the Super admin panel click on the
super admin button and enter the
credentials for the super admin the
software status will shown as activated
or inactive following details will be
shown on the dashboard which includes
total numbers of vehicles and vehicles
added in the current month total number
of direct users which includes the admin
types of users only total users added in
the month total numbers of license being
used by the super admin and also the
number of the licenses issued in that
particular month below you will find
other details which includes graph with
the user Analytics the number of
vehicles license and users the total
number of
vehicles active today the device is
working on that particular day inactive
today the device is not working on that
particular day not working not sending
data for last 48 hours no data devices
which never sent data on the
platform the next tab shows the list of
the
admins the search feature enables you to
search a particular admin the details of
the admin can also be exported in the
format of
CSV the details of the admin such as the
name login button number of the users
and the vehicles in the particular
account credits available company name
mobile email date is displayed the
admins can be activated and deactivated
with the help of the toggle button new
admins can be created with the help of
the administrator button above the form
will be displayed within following
details needed to be entered such as the
company name profile name email contact
number and other address related details
username and password also needs to be
assigned to the particular admin also
credits needs to be issued to all admins
and finally created with the help of the
create account button to view other
details for a particular admin click on
the admin name for the particular admin
various details such as the username
mobile number email address and the
address will be displayed for that
particular admin
password can be updated with the update
password button on the admin panel
credits for that particular account are
displayed under the credits section
credits can also be issued and deducted
from all admin calendar view in the
software allows you to view information
about the new vehicles and users added
as well as Vehicles getting expired in
the coming days using different colors
to view the details click on the
particular vehicle or the user and
details will be displayed in the form of
the dialogue box the details can viewed
in the format of the day week or month
next on the software is the backup
database backup utility allows you to
take full backups of the entire database
which include all data schema and
metadata delete data log allows the
process of deleting logs or records of
data for a specific date or time range
the services tab allows you to check
various service including KMS service
reverse geocoding service
data log tables the next update time
last update time current status and
manually start process click on software
configuration button various details in
regard to the configuration which
includes the following should be added
company
details mobile number software base URL
which doesn't include the HTTP or
https company
website email address
country address
currency software pricing social media
links logo with maximum size of 400
kilobytes in PNG format without
background other configuration setup
which includes the Google API key Google
API key can be verified with the
clicking on the verified button go
Firebase server API key email SMTP can
also be configured by entering the
following details such as the email
address username password host port and
the encryption type the SMTP can also be
verified using the test SMTP button on
the panel demo user can also be selected
by using the drop- down menu other
functions that are available for the
super admin include hard refresh button
to remove the cookies in the browser and
activate the changes full screen option
different languages can be also used to
access the super admin panel this
defines the working other super admin
panel on the fleet stack
software