[Music]
dashboard page will show you the
complete details total Vehicles being
tracked by the GPS tracking software
with total Vehicles added this month
total users who have access to the GPS
tracking software with total users added
this month total Vehicles expiring in
next 30 days pending payments in that
particular month status of the vehicle
whether it is running stop not working
or no data clicking on that particular
status will display the list launching
campaign for promotion of new products
services and offers dashboard include
the user analytics graph which displays
the total number of users and vehicles
that have been added to the GPS tracking
software over the period of the last one
year and also provides you the growth
rate the dashboard also displays the
list of users that were recently added
to the software by clicking on The View
All button you can access the list of
the users the dashboard also displays
the list of vehicles that are going to
expire by clicking on The View All
button you access the complete list of
vehicles requesting credits to Super
admin is also possible through the admin
by clicking on the request credit button
you will see the dialogue box to request
credits you can enter the credit count
and press the request button to save the
requirements vehicle overview is also
provided by the software including the
running stop not working from last 48
hours and no no data Vehicles map menu
allows you to see the number of vehicles
being tracked by the software on the map
page the number of cluster markers on
the map can indicate the total number of
vehicles or assets currently being
tracked on clicking on the cluster
marker you will be further able to see
the location of all vehicles the map
also includes a zoom in and zoom out
function which allows the user to adjust
the level of detail displayed on the map
view menu allows you to manage the
vehicles in users and view the details
on the calendar users allow you for
management of user accounts and their
Associated data new users can be added
by the add new user button by entering
the details which include the profile
name company name username password
mobile number email and address details
the list of the users who are accessing
the GPS tracking software will be
displayed with their corresponding
details like their company name mobile
number email ID and the date of creation
and a unique ID is generated for every
user the list of users can also be
exported in the format of the Excel and
CSV users can be activated or
deactivated using the toggle button for
managing of user accounts and their
Associated data information click on
username and you can edit features
profiled allows you to manage details
such as name contact details including
the mobile number and the email ID
address and login credentials
the admin can also modify the password
by the set password button users can
also be deleted with the delete button
Vehicles allows you manage the
information about the vehicles or assets
being tracked such as their make model
IMEI number and validity Vehicles can be
removed from the user account by
clicking the insigned button new
vehicles can be added to the users by
clicking on assign new vehicle button
and selecting the vehicles to be
assigned and clicking on the assign
button
admin can also take notes for the users
by entering the text and clicking the
add note button payments can also be
managed click on the add payment button
and select the vehicle and enter the
payment information amount payment mode
reference and save to record payment and
license will be renewed for the next one
year files can be added using the upload
file button on the files menu feedback
can also be managed by using the
feedback section on the feedback menu
Vehicle Management allows you to manage
vehicle
details new vehicles can be added by the
add new vehicle button and following the
steps selecting the user from the select
user tab if the user doesn't exist new
users can be added by add users tab
selecting the vehicle type and the
device model and entering the
registration number device model IMI and
Sim number the list of vehicles can also
be exported in the format of the PDF
Excel and
CSV other details such as registration
number IMI number Sim number user
account associated with the device type
of the vehicle and model of the hardware
device and validity for managing of
vehicles accounts and their Associated
data information click the vehicle
number and the software will provide the
option to manage the other features
Vehicle Management click on the edit
button to modify details including the
registration number IMI number Sim
number vehicle type and device model
vehicles can also be deleted using the
delete button license can be renewed
using renew vehicle button users can be
removed from the user account by
clicking the insigned button new users
can be added to the users by clicking on
assign new users button and selecting
the users to be assigned and clicking on
the assign button map displays the
location of all vehicles in real time
the map view will also provide the
option to zoom in and zoom out of the
map and there also the option select
different types of the maps
send
commands this feature allows
administrators to send commands to
Vehicles such as turning the engine on
or off locking or unlocking the doors or
any other function as per the capability
of the device logs the logs of all
vehicle activity including location
speed fuel consumption and other data
can be accessed by selecting the date
and clicking on the check log button
calendar view in the software allows you
to view information about the new
vehicles and use users added as well as
Vehicles getting expired in the coming
days using different colors to view the
details click on the particular vehicle
or the user and details will be
displayed in the form of the dialogue
box the details can viewed in the format
of the day week or month under the
utility tab of the software following
functions can be
performed support and feedback admin can
view the feedback of the users and also
the list can be export in the PDF Excel
and C SV formats announcement click on
the add announcement and the dialogue
box will allow you to add the complete
details title validity type of
announcement followed by the
description you can also add custom
Announcement by adding the details in
the format of the name mobile number
address and the company
details the admin can select the users
they want to send the
announcement finally they can push the
announcement by clicking on the save
announcement button sending
notifications
click on the add notify button and the
dialogue box will allow you to add the
complete details such as title message
image URL and the launch URL you can
also add custom notifications by adding
the details in the format of the name
mobile number address and the company
details the admin can select the users
they want to send the
notifications admin can also view the
preview and select the source they want
to notify mobile or web and also select
the date campaign
finally they can push the notification
by clicking on the save notify button to
send the
notification accounts can also be
managed using the admin panel
renewal the list of vehicles under the
admin account will be displayed if you
want to search a particular vehicles you
can enter the vehicle number in the
search bar and it will redirected to the
vehicle details click on the renew
button which allows you to enter the
mode amount and reference number of the
payment click on the activate renewal
button to renew the license of the
particular vehicle for the next one year
payments click the option for add new
payment select the user and vehicle you
want to record payment for enter the
payment information such as the amount
paid payment method and payment
reference once you have entered the
payment information save the payment
record and license will renewed for that
particular vehicle
settings settings tab can allow the
admin to manage the following settings
of the software which
includes company
information update the basic details
such as the name profile name mobile
number email ID address and pin code
with the update details button logo and
icon logo and favicon with a maximum of
400 kilobytes PNG format and transparent
background can be updated branding setup
social media links with Android and iOS
application links can be added in this
section and can be saved by clicking on
the update details button
password password can also be updated
using this section by entering the old
password and replacing with new password
and confirming it by the update password
section other configuration settings
including software base URL which
doesn't include the HTTP or
https email SMTP setup software pricing
other functions that are available for
the admin include hard refresh button to
remove the cookies in the browser and
activate the changes full screen option
different languages can be also used to
access the admin panel this defines the
working of admin panel on the fleet
stack
software