[Music]
log into the mobile app with the login
credentials the dashboard will show the
total distance covered by all vehicles
total number of vehicles and their
status running stop the other parameters
including the Eco driving driver
behavior and Vehicle Health are getting
displayed weekly kilometers will also
get displayed on the dashboard in the
format of the graph on the map page of
the application you will be able to see
total number of vehicles being tracked
by software in the form of the cluster
and by clicking on the cluster you will
be able to track the exact location of
the each vehicles on the map page option
for map selection is available including
default satellite or terrain settings
tab on the mobile application allows
enables various parameters on map page
including point of interest to view the
cluster of the point of Interest Geo
fencing to view the cluster of the Geo
fencing ripples to to view the Rippling
around the vehicle my location view your
current
location by clicking vehicle number the
map page allows you to enable the
various functions such as
immobilization
parking navigation the vehicle details
including vehicle status ignition status
today's distance satellite and speed are
displayed history which includes the
start Point running time kilometers
address and the stoppages time various
sensors configured in the
application other details including type
of vehicle and IMI number next on the
mobile app is displayed the list button
which allows the users to view all
vehicles in the form of the listing view
the various status including running
stop idle are available the listing view
displays the vehicle number vehicle
status odometer today's kilometers last
data update time address status from
time and speed are displayed
users can also call the driver view the
replay view navigate to vehicle location
and share the location utility page
allows you for the
following view the replay view by
selecting the vehicle and time period
from the menu and clicking on the show
results button users can also select the
type of the map settings and the speed
of the replay view check the history
view which includes the following
details total running time time total
running
kilometers total stoppage time start
Point running time running
kilometers stoppage time parking mode
can be enabled to get notified on the
movement of the vehicle in the form of
push
notification vehicle can be immobilized
with use of the toggle button reports
page allows you check the report of the
vehicles and Export the reports
the users can create the track link by
selecting the vehicle and
validity after creating the link the
link can be shared with the share button
and deleted by delete button others tab
on the mobile application allows you to
perform the following
functions check the list of point of
Interest check the list of Geo
fenes manage the various settings
including the language notifications
password and navigation settings users
can also share their feedback with the
admin privacy policy details can be
accessed via the screen users can also
check the various
tutorials profile details can be managed
by profile
tab