loging into the software with your user
credentials go to the map page and
select the vehicle from the cluster by
clicking on the vehicle icon or
selecting the vehicle from the side menu
bar click on the add new geofence button
select the area to be Geo fenced using
the search button or navigate the
location on the map users can use a line
polygon Square Circle or a marker to
define the area enter the title descript
destion and tolerance and select the
background color and click on the save
button you can also edit and delete the
Geo fence using the edit and delete
button click on the list button to view
the Geo fence in the form of the list
users can view or delete the Geo fence
using the view and delete button Geo
fences can also be created by selecting
the Geo fencing option under the utility
menu to download the list of the
geofences click on the download geofence
button and list will be exported in the
format of the KML to upload the list of
the Geo fences click on the bulk import
Geo fence and select the KML file and
import the list using the upload data
button to view the Geo fencing in the
form of the cluster go on the map page
and select the Geo fencing option from
the settings tab and all the Geo fences
will be displayed on the map
page