open the software and log in with your
account
credentials navigate to the utility page
and the click on reminders button to add
the
reminders click on the add new reminder
button and you will find the page
regarding the reminder setup add the
service name for which the reminder is
required select the vehicles for which
the reminder would be triggered you can
also select multiple Vehicles confirm
the date of the last service select the
med ium through which the reminder is
required web mobile email and
SMS also select basis of format of which
reminder is required time which is based
on the number of days and also input the
number of days before the time has
reached alert is required odometers
which is based on the number of
kilometers and also input the number of
kilometers before the kilometers have
reached alert is required engine hours
which is based on the number of engine
hours and also input the number of
engine hours before engine hours have
reached the alert is required click on
the create reminder button to confirm
the setup of the
reminders users can also view the
reminder with the view button and update
the various details like the service
details