as reported by
Fortune worldwide market for commercial
telematics stood at
$4.79 billion in 2020 this Market is
anticipated to expand from $ 4.18
billion in 2021 to
15831 billion by 2028 demonstrating a
compound annual growth rate kgr of
21.6% throughout the forecast period
from 2021 to
2028 telematics Tech technology merges
telecommunications informatics and
wireless gadgets to facilitate the
transmission reception and storage of
vehicular data these devices harness GPS
and additional vehicle related data
conveying it to a central server via
cellular networks or satellite
communication the collected data undergo
processing and is stored in an
accessible userfriendly manner enabling
Fleet owners to easily retrieve
information through websites and
applications telematics is most
frequently utilized within the logist
ICS and transportation sector
particularly for commercial fleet
vehicles the variety of data gathered by
telematics devices encompasses location
speed engine idling abrupt braking or
acceleration fuel usage temperature and
vehicle malfunctions among other metrics
this wealth of information empowers
Fleet owners to oversee their vehicles
both as a collective unit and on an
individual basis offering realtime
monitoring capabilities Fleet management
software leverages this data to notify
Fleet owners about performance perance
concerns emergencies and significant
occurrences such as route deviations or
exceeding speed limits enabling prompt
responses additionally vehicle
maintenance becomes more efficient and
predictable with sensors indicating the
optimal times for oil changes brake pad
Replacements or battery swaps utilizing
data from telematics Fleet managers can
uncover insights into drivers behaviors
and patterns enabling them to develop
training programs aimed at enhancing
driver safety
this technology plays a pivotal role in
elevating productivity reducing expenses
and consequently augmenting
profitability for Fleet owners Fleet
stack offers a powerful telematic
software designed to transform the way
you manage your Fleet enhancing
efficiency and Precision in every
operation if you found value in this
video please share it and subscribe to
Fleet stack for additional GPS tracking
related content visit www. Fleet stack
global.com